hi this is dr. and you're watching my
show you also note that the show has
been rated pg-13 for violence language
and drug use so if you don't have a
problem with that feel free to continue
on to gaming news with me so somebody
made Atlas and p-body from Portal 2 out
of Legos which makes me super happy
pretty much anything made out of Legos
is like super impressive to me I love
Legos i mislike goes a lot I don't have
any of them anymore I think we gave them
to my nephew but absolutely love them I
think that they're great if you guys
have ever made anything super cool with
Legos you should totally leave a video
response to this video as for new star
wars the old republic might be pushed to
2012 aren't we all just so excited about
that it was set to fall on 2011 might be
being pushed to 2012 although they
didn't say for sure that it's going to
be pushed that far but I think a lot of
people are irritated because they were
hoping that mass effect 3 was being
pushed because they wanted to work on
the old republic now I'm not about to
say that I think that this is
necessarily a bad thing because if final
fantasy 14 has taught us anything it's
that an MMO should not come out before
it's ready oh man I'm totally willing to
let them just fix everything that they
need to make sure that it's perfect
before they actually release it but
pushing back both of their major
releases that people were really excited
about um I can see why that would end up
being really irritating to the community
when asked why they won't settle down on
a specific date mea said that they
didn't want to give their competition an
idea of when they were going to be
releasing and they wanted to make sure
that they captured as much data as they
could from the beta so that the game in
general could just be better which is
you know what we would assume is the
reason for a delay but those of you who
didn't know this ahead of time Mass
Effect 3 has been pushed to the first
quarter of 2012 so that is a for sure
thing and again older public isn't for
sure being pushed to 2012 but they're
hinting at the possibility so I would
say don't expect it until 2012 and that
way if it comes out early it'll be a
super exciting fun time surprise for all
of us as for those of us who are sick of
Assassin's Creed games coming out
there's a new one Assassin's Creed
revelation is going to be
coming out and it's going to mark the
end of easy story I was calling easy
just because I can as into that by its
super well cloaked and a disguised name
apparently we're going to get a lot of
answers out of this game so if we don't
we can all be super irritated and
frustrated gamer folk easy and I'll tear
going to be fist bumping it up in this
game so there will be a weird like
cross-generational mashup that's going
to apparently wind up with us having so
many answers and being so blown away
that we just don't care that they've
been tossing these games down our
throats for years now I should take the
time right now to say that i love these
games and i think they're great and I
really enjoy playing them I just think
that they released them to quickly right
after the other because it winds up
looking like they're really having each
game ride the coattails of the last game
but not in a good way yes people are
still going to buy it yes people are
still going to play it but i think that
the franchise in general would have a
better reputation amongst the gamer
community if it hadn't seemed quite so
much like that overall i am excited
about this game it should be super cool
and i am a little bit disappointed that
we're playing is easy again but it
sounds like it's going to be the type of
game where you switch from easy to
Altair so um eventually I've got to stop
calling him that I could start calling
I'll tear heavy so it could be easy and
heavy they could have a band easy to
play the drums I'll tear could play with
guitar it would be magical I would
totally see their show live I don't even
know what I'm talking about anymore okay
let's move on so for those of you who
don't know um so playstation network
went down they were like hey 77 million
people were really sorry that all of
your account information was compromised
this will never happen again we are
upping our security please don't leave
us we love you so much you're so pretty
etc then almost immediately afterward um
the sony online which is basically like
the PSN of the pc world for sony that
also got hacked into so now Sony's being
subpoenaed and they're going to look
into what they promised their consumers
as opposed to what their consumers got
and whether or not they were distrustful
and lied about their security measures
so
that should be very interesting to keep
track of they're calling it a consumer
protection inquiry so it'll basically
just be like them looking at their
contract the ones that all of us you
know scrolled through really fast and
then press X and accepted looking
through that seeing what PSN was
guaranteeing us as well as Sony Online
seeing what they told us they were going
to be doing and what ended up being the
case and whether or not they lied to us
if they didn't they're going to work
with them to up their security figure
out what they need to do in the future
and how they need to change their
contract but as of right now it'll just
be a lot of them looking into the whole
thing in general so that should be it
should be definitely be interesting I'm
glad that something like this is
happening though because it's ridiculous
that these two things happen right after
the other with the exact same company
like this needed to be looked into so to
you gentle viewer I ask do you think
that Sony is going to be in trouble from
this do you think that they're going to
find enough information that
everything's going to be overhauled or
do you think that they're going to find
something that's going to make them just
tweak a couple things or will they be
totally in the clear I'm curious to hear
what you guys think also reminder if
you've made something awesome with Legos
I'm totally serious about this if you've
made something awesome with Legos you
should leave a video response showing it
to me because I want I want to see that
oh I wish to see that so that's my show
if you have a positive or negative
response to anything that I said today
you should go ahead and leave a comment
or as I said leave a video response
because I love them if you would like to
have coffee with me you can go ahead and
click here and go to my channel where
I'm just going to ramble about nonsense
most likely but otherwise I will talk to
you guys again in the next couple of
days so stay safe have a great week and
I'll talk to you later bye bye